Joint constraint (#130)
compas-dev/compas_fab: CHANGELOG.rst

* Property :class:`compas_fab.robots.Robot.artist` does not try to scale robot
  geometry if links and/or joints are not defined.

> * In :class:`compas_fab.constraints.JointConstraint`, added tolerance_above and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In :class:``compas_fab.constraints.JointConstraint``, changed ``tolerance``  to ``tolerance_above`` and
```

Author: changed in f2140a1
